# Zoraxy Official Plugins
The official plugin list for Zoraxy

**Warning! This repo is still in very early stage of development and things might not work as expected. Please use this with your own risk.**



## Introduction

Since Zoraxy v3.2.0, we introduced a new plugin system and moved some of the features from the Zoraxy main branch into the new plugin system. This is generally a more flexible way to handle features that not everyone uses and allow thirds party developers to add their plugins easily. 



## Installation

### Plugin Manager (Work In Progress)

Copy the following link to Zoraxy plugin manager URL

```

```



### Manual Installation

Here are the steps to install plugin to Zoraxy manually

1. Locate the plugin folder (The plugin folder is usually located at the same directory as your Zoraxy executable)
2. Create a folder with the name of your plugin executable. For example, if you have a plugin executable named `ztnc.exe` (Windows) or `ztnc` (Linux), create a folder named "ztnc" under the plugin folder so you now have `./plugins/ztnc/ztnc(.exe)`
3. Refresh Zoraxy Plugin list or restart Zoraxy. Your should be able to see your new plugin in the Plugin Manager menu. 



**Notes on the plugin folder location**

Plugins are designed to be installed to the `plugins/{plugin_name}/` directory relative to the Zoraxy working directory. For example, if your Zoraxy binary executable is located at `/home/user/zoraxy/`, the plugin folder can usually be found at `/home/user/zoraxy/plugins`. For some special installation where the `cwd` is set to an alternative path, you might need to install them to the `{cwd}/plugins` folder.

## Build From Source

To build the plugins, you will need the latest Go compiler and GNU make. It is recommended that you build on the machine that you plan to run them as some of them might require CGO. 

#### Build Single Plugin

To build just one plugin, go into the respective plugin directory and run go build. Assume the plugin you want to build is `ztnc`

```bash
cd plugins/ztnc/
make

# and you should see all the different release under a newly created ./build folder
```

#### Build All Plugins

You can build all the plugin with a simple `make`. All the built will be automatically moved to the `./dist/` folder with their respective plugin folder name. You only need to move the plugin folder with one of the binary that matches your Zoraxy release architecture. 

```bash
make
```



## Update Directory Info

The directory folder is automatically generated by the dirupdate tool under the `./tools/` folder. It is use for allowing Plugin Manager in Zoraxy to download latest plugin information and show them in the Zoraxy plugin store / market (name pending).

```
# Make sure you have built all the plugin before using the directory update tool
make

cd tools/dirupdate/
./update.sh
```

See README.md in `./tools/dirupdate/` for more information. 
